# AnimationPorfolio
This is my animation portfolio, I create them for fun and because I like the challange it gives me to try to create complex animations that combined a love for coding and mathematics 

//12/14 :
<<<<<<< HEAD
I have finally got a fibonacci spiral working in Javascript! it had to give up the idea of creating the spiral right from the start as is. the best way for me to take on this challenge was to start with fibonacci sized boxes. once i was able to create a sucessfull recursion and create a box one at a time(each one having a size of the sum of the previous two boxes) i was then able to do some troubleshoot as to why they were not in the correct orientation for the spiral. i got some very cool looking patterns in the process. using context.translate and context.rotate i was able to get the sequence of created boxes looking good. the next step was to create the arc for each box that would make up one portion of the sprial. this took some guess and check but i was able to complete my goal in good time.
=======
I have finally got a fibonacci spiral working in Javascript! it had to give up the idea of creating the spiral right from the start as is. the best way for me to take on this challenge was to start with fibonacci sized boxes. once i was able to create a sucessfull recursion and create a box one at a time(each one having a size of the sum of the previous two boxes) i was then able to do some troubleshoot as to why they were not in the correct orientation for the spiral. i got some very cool looking patterns in the process. using context.translate and context.rotate i was able to get the sequence of created boxes looking good. the next step was to create the arc for each box that would make up one portion of the sprial. this took some guess and check but i was able to complete my goal in good time.

12/25 : 
ive been making progress on making my animations look really cool and keeping them as simple as i can in my code. i could still work on making my code easier to read and leaving comments for thoes who want to understand how it works. sometimes changes can be guess and check so it is also good for me to look at my work and figure out exactly how everything is working together. my most recent animations have a pychedalic feel to them, but i will be moving away from these types of animations soon and try to challenge myself in other ways
>>>>>>> 2813b41503342a1f3abae9e63ab71c9bc4f780b0
